It's true, Lord Director
We really lost
No princesses
I hope you will fulfill the agreement.
Reveal all the enemy troops who invaded the dragon
Not a single one
Good lord, what are you going to do with these people?
Brooke violates international peace laws
Detained to the International Court of Justice
Wang Bochuan opened the gate of Buddhism
lure the enemy into the country
Collaboration and treason
sentence to death
Immediate execution
conservation
10 years old haha this must be fake
Your policy is nothing more than the qi and blood of the Sun family
There can't be that many highlights.
Impossible Impossible
It's impossible.
Hahahaha, impossible, hahaha.
Exile him to Skull Island
Never leave
Impossible hahaha impossible
Hahahahaha
Bingce, thank you for letting me go
Sun Yani, you are not collaborating with the enemy and treason
So innocent
I hope you will be a new person in the future.
Belina, see what you can do
Mr. Lin, don't worry, this lady is still alive
Are you serious?